I once decided to take a trip to the airport.
Once I was there I decided I wanted to vist Munich.
However, I found it too hot, so I took a train to Berlin.
While on the train the conductor had to check if we had our complementary Lederhose.
When I said no the conductor pulled out a machete and attempted to off me but was stopped when I threw a loaf of bread at him, a train conductor’s only true weakness, which proceeded to make him explode.
It didn't stop there, suddenly robot soldiers burst in from the cart behind me; I grabbed my package of  greasy Bratwurst that came with my bread and threw it at the soldiers; as they stumbled in an attempt to get their bearings, I rushed outside to the front of my train car and locked the door and made my way up to the roof of the next car to make my escape.
luckly while on the roof of the train car i noticed an BMW was flooring it to keep up to where i was, i jumped from the train aiming at the roof of the car but i must have defied physics because i was sent flying through the air towards the nearest highrise.
It felt like I was in a music video as I flew over the city to the highrise, upon landing on top of the high rise I knew excatly what I needed to find after this mind-boggling event happened to me, I needed to find a bar as soon as possible and possibly find some more bread in case any more train conductors try to kill me.
Minutes later I finally made my way to the local beer garden with no traces of the robot soldiers; I head up to the entrance when the same BMW I saw blocked my way, someone inside opened the window as they stuck their hand out with a note and in a gruffly voiced said "look for the owner and give this to him," as I try to respond he sped away and I turn my attention to find the owner; when I found the owner I handed him the note only to be dragged into the back with the door locked behind us, "what's going on" I yelled in demand for which he responded "you are in danger if those robot scum won't stop chasing you, take my keys and get out of here as fast as you can" to which I shout in confusion "why is this happening, I didn't ask for this" for which he said "you are the next master of Bread-Fu, an art that is being destroyed by those robots, there's no time, take my Audi and follow the GPS," BANG, the noise of robot soldiers entered the beer garden, "hurry" he yelled, "take this bag of bread with you and this drink, NOW" in a terrified manner I rushed into his car and began driving straight out the window, following the GPS, only to see the soldiers in pursuit of my car.
My destination was Raesfeld, so by inserting a piece of bread into the cd slot, I got some yeast in the car, which caused the car to rise through the sky, allowing me to fly through the sky and reach the owner of the note in record time, who said "Warrior of Legend and myth, you who have mastered the baking arts and went against the grain by ryeling up the robots up our stale status qou. I beseech of you... Toast those 'bots".
